content/specialty/indy/index.md, before:

---
title: The Indy Bullwhip
id: indy-bullwhip
description: A whip description will go here
price: 294
hasStyles: true
headerImage: 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/TheIndyBullwhipHeader.png'
images:
  - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle1a.jpg'
weight: 880
variants:
  - name: Whip Length
    defaultValue: '6 ft'
    options:
      - name: '5 ft'
        priceDiff: '-35'
      - name: '6 ft'
        priceDiff: '+0'
      - name: '7 ft'
        priceDiff: '+70'
      - name: '8 ft'
        priceDiff: '+105'
      - name: '10 ft'
        priceDiff: '+240'
      - name: '12 ft'
        priceDiff: '+350'
  - name: Style
    defaultValue: 'The Raider'
    options:
      - name: 'The Raider'
        images:
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle1a.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle1b.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle1c.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle1d.jpg'
      - name: 'Temple'
        images:
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle2a.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle2b.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle2c.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle2d.jpg'
      - name: 'The Last Crusader'
        images:
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle3a.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle3b.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle3c.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle3d.jpg'
---

Commit message:

Updated specialty whips copy and images and updated the what goes into a bullwhip section of index

content/specialty/indy/index.md, after:

---
title: The Indy Bullwhip
id: indy-bullwhip
description: Indiana Jones has been one of my biggest insprirations as a whip maker! Who isn't excited about Bullwhips when they watch him swing across a chasm in a daring escape?  This Bullwhip is perfect for any fan of the franchise.  It has an 8 inch handle and a 13 inch loop at the rounded heel. This Bullwhip has several different styles to choose from!
price: 294
hasStyles: true
headerImage: 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/TheIndyBullwhipHeader.png'
images:
  - 'https://whipworks.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/specialty/indy/The+Indy.jpg'
weight: 880
variants:
  - name: Whip Length
    defaultValue: '6 ft'
    options:
      - name: '5 ft'
        priceDiff: '-35'
      - name: '6 ft'
        priceDiff: '+0'
      - name: '7 ft'
        priceDiff: '+70'
      - name: '8 ft'
        priceDiff: '+105'
      - name: '10 ft'
        priceDiff: '+240'
      - name: '12 ft'
        priceDiff: '+350'
  - name: Style
    defaultValue: 'The Raider'
    options:
      - name: 'The Raider'
        images:
          - 'https://whipworks.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/specialty/indy/The+Raider.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle1b.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle1c.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle1d.jpg'
      - name: 'The Kingdom Finder'
        images:
          - 'https://whipworks.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/specialty/indy/The+Kingdom+Finder.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle3b.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle3c.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle3d.jpg'
      - name: 'The Classic'
        images:
          - 'https://whipworks.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/specialty/indy/The+Classic.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle2b.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle2c.jpg'
          - 'https://d3ruufruf2uqog.cloudfront.net/specialty/indy/indyStyle2d.jpg'
---
